#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.9
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
aiohttp==3.8.1
    # via web3
aioredis==1.3.1
    # via channels-redis
aiosignal==1.2.0
    # via aiohttp
amqp==5.0.6
    # via kombu
anyio==3.3.4
    # via httpcore
asgiref==3.4.1
    # via
    #   channels
    #   channels-redis
    #   daphne
    #   django
    #   uvicorn
asn1crypto==1.4.0
    # via coincurve
async-timeout==4.0.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aioredis
attrs==21.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   automat
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest
    #   service-identity
    #   twisted
autobahn==21.11.1
    # via daphne
automat==20.2.0
    # via twisted
babel==2.9.1
    # via py-moneyed
base58==2.1.1
    # via
    #   hdwallet
    #   multiaddr
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via celery
bitarray==1.2.2
    # via eth-account
bump2version==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
cached-property==1.5.2
    # via py-ecc
celery==5.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery-pubsub
    #   django-celery-beat
celery-pubsub @ git+https://github.com/mushroomlabs/celery-pubsub.git
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.0
    # via
    #   coincurve
    #   cryptography
channels==3.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   channels-redis
channels-redis==3.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
charset-normalizer==2.0.7
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   httpx
    #   requests
click==8.0.3
    # via
    #   celery
    #   click-aliases
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   hdwallet
    #   raiden-contracts
    #   uvicorn
click-aliases==1.0.1
    # via hdwallet
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via celery
click-repl==0.2.0
    # via celery
coincurve==15.0.1
    # via
    #   ethereum
    #   raiden-contracts
constantly==15.1.0
    # via twisted
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via drf-yasg
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
cryptography==36.0.0
    # via
    #   autobahn
    #   pyjwt
    #   pyopenssl
    #   service-identity
cytoolz==0.11.2
    # via
    #   eth-keyfile
    #   eth-utils
daphne==3.0.2
    # via channels
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via python3-openid
deprecated==1.2.13
    # via redis
django==3.2.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   channels
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-filter
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-money
    #   django-redis
    #   django-rest-auth
    #   django-timezone-field
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-yasg
django-allauth==0.46.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-celery-beat==2.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-cors-headers==3.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filter==21.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-ipware==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-model-utils==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-money==2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-redis==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-rest-auth==0.9.5
    # via -r requirements.in
django-smtp-ssl==1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-timezone-field==4.2.1
    # via django-celery-beat
djangorestframework==3.12.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-rest-auth
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-yasg
drf-nested-routers==0.93.4
    # via -r requirements.in
drf-yasg==1.20.0
    # via -r requirements.in
ecdsa==0.17.0
    # via hdwallet
eth-abi==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   eth-account
    #   raiden-contracts
    #   web3
eth-account==0.5.6
    # via web3
eth-hash[pycryptodome]==0.3.2
    # via
    #   eth-utils
    #   web3
eth-keyfile==0.5.1
    # via eth-account
eth-keys==0.3.3
    # via
    #   eth-account
    #   eth-keyfile
eth-rlp==0.2.1
    # via eth-account
eth-typing==2.2.2
    # via
    #   eth-abi
    #   eth-keys
    #   eth-utils
    #   py-ecc
    #   raiden-contracts
    #   web3
eth-utils==1.10.0
    # via
    #   eth-abi
    #   eth-account
    #   eth-keyfile
    #   eth-keys
    #   eth-rlp
    #   py-ecc
    #   raiden-contracts
    #   rlp
    #   web3
ethereum==2.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
factory-boy==3.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
faker==9.8.2
    # via factory-boy
frozenlist==1.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
future==0.18.2
    # via ethereum
h11==0.12.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
hdwallet==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
hexbytes==0.2.2
    # via
    #   eth-account
    #   eth-rlp
    #   web3
hiredis==2.0.0
    # via aioredis
httpcore==0.14.3
    # via httpx
httpx==0.21.1
    # via -r requirements.in
hyperlink==21.0.0
    # via
    #   autobahn
    #   twisted
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   hyperlink
    #   requests
    #   rfc3986
    #   twisted
    #   yarl
incremental==21.3.0
    # via twisted
inflection==0.5.1
    # via drf-yasg
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
ipfshttpclient==0.8.0a2
    # via web3
itypes==1.2.0
    # via coreapi
jinja2==3.0.3
    # via coreschema
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via web3
kombu==5.2.2
    # via celery
lru-dict==1.1.7
    # via web3
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via jinja2
mnemonic==0.20
    # via hdwallet
msgpack==1.0.2
    # via channels-redis
multiaddr==0.0.9
    # via ipfshttpclient
multidict==5.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   py-ecc
netaddr==0.8.0
    # via multiaddr
oauthlib==3.1.1
    # via requests-oauthlib
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   drf-yasg
    #   pytest
parsimonious==0.8.1
    # via eth-abi
pbkdf2==1.3
    # via ethereum
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via pytest
prompt-toolkit==3.0.22
    # via click-repl
protobuf==3.19.1
    # via web3
psycopg2-binary==2.9.2
    # via -r requirements.in
py==1.11.0
    # via pytest
py-ecc==5.2.0
    # via ethereum
py-moneyed==1.2
    # via django-money
py-solc-x==1.1.1
    # via raiden-contracts
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   service-identity
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via service-identity
pycoingecko==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pycryptodome==3.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   eth-hash
    #   eth-keyfile
    #   ethereum
pyethash==0.1.27
    # via ethereum
pyjwt[crypto]==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-allauth
pyopenssl==21.0.0
    # via twisted
pyparsing==3.0.6
    # via packaging
pyrsistent==0.18.0
    # via jsonschema
pysha3==1.0.2
    # via
    #   ethereum
    #   hdwallet
pytest==6.2.5
    # via
    #   pytest-asyncio
    #   pytest-django
    #   pytest-env
pytest-asyncio==0.16.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-django==4.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-env==0.6.2
    # via -r requirements.in
python-crontab==2.6.0
    # via django-celery-beat
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   faker
    #   python-crontab
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via django-allauth
pytz==2021.3
    # via
    #   babel
    #   celery
    #   django
    #   django-timezone-field
pyyaml==6.0
    # via ethereum
raiden-contracts==0.39.0
    # via -r requirements.in
redis==4.0.2
    # via django-redis
repoze.lru==0.7
    # via ethereum
requests==2.26.0
    # via
    #   coreapi
    #   django-allauth
    #   ipfshttpclient
    #   py-solc-x
    #   pycoingecko
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   web3
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via django-allauth
rfc3986[idna2008]==1.5.0
    # via httpx
rlp==1.2.0
    # via
    #   eth-account
    #   eth-rlp
    #   ethereum
    #   raiden-contracts
ruamel.yaml==0.17.17
    # via drf-yasg
ruamel.yaml.clib==0.2.6
    # via ruamel.yaml
scrypt==0.8.18
    # via ethereum
semantic-version==2.8.5
    # via
    #   py-solc-x
    #   raiden-contracts
service-identity==21.1.0
    # via twisted
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   automat
    #   click-repl
    #   django-rest-auth
    #   ecdsa
    #   jsonschema
    #   multiaddr
    #   parsimonious
    #   pyopenssl
    #   python-dateutil
    #   service-identity
sniffio==1.2.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
sqlparse==0.4.2
    # via django
tabulate==0.8.9
    # via hdwallet
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via faker
toml==0.10.2
    # via pytest
toolz==0.11.2
    # via cytoolz
twisted[tls]==21.7.0
    # via daphne
txaio==21.2.1
    # via autobahn
typing-extensions==4.0.0
    # via
    #   async-timeout
    #   twisted
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
urllib3==1.26.7
    # via requests
uvicorn==0.15.0
    # via -r requirements.in
varint==1.0.2
    # via multiaddr
vine==5.0.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
web3==5.25.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   raiden-contracts
websockets==9.1
    # via web3
wrapt==1.13.3
    # via deprecated
yarl==1.7.2
    # via aiohttp
zope.interface==5.4.0
    # via twisted

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
